This Maven project is needed to create the class under test (`cut`) given a set of page objects. The `cut` is the code representation of the [navigation graph](https://github.com/matteobiagiola/FSE19-submission-material-DIG/tree/master/graphs) which can be exercised through unit test generator tools as `evosuite`.

The `poparsing` java project works under the following assumptions regarding the way page objects (POs) are written:
- POs are divided in two categories: pages (also called containers) and components. POs representing pages are supposed to represent entire web pages, whereas components represent parts of a web page, for instance functionalities that can be reused across pages. An example of component is the `NavbarComponent` ([in dimeshift](https://github.com/matteobiagiola/FSE19-submission-material-DIG/blob/master/fse2019/phoenix/src/main/java/po/shared/components/NavbarComponent.java)) which contains the functionalities to navigate to the different sections of a web app. The component `NavbarComponent` is included for example in the `HomePage` PO (as an attribute of a class) if the `HomePage` PO models a web page that contains the navigation bar. Hence, the `HomePage` PO can use the methods of the `NavbarComponent` PO, as well as all pages PO that include it. In `dimeshift` such home page is called [`WalletsManagerPage`](https://github.com/matteobiagiola/FSE19-submission-material-DIG/blob/master/fse2019/dimeshift/src/main/java/po/wallets/pages/WalletsManagerPage.java)
- Not in all cases it makes sense to break down a web page in multiple components. For instance we chose to represent modals as pages that do not contain any component ([in dimeshift](https://github.com/matteobiagiola/FSE19-submission-material-DIG/blob/master/fse2019/dimeshift/src/main/java/po/wallets/pages/modals/AddWalletPage.java))
- Pages POs are parsed by the `poparsing` project. Pages POs must implement the `PageObject` interface.
